Just treat it as your own home, please
Ah brat
It gave me a heart attack
Why are you taking a shower in my room, Miss Chen?
Excuse me.
I'm in the wrong place.
What are you doing, Miss Chen?
You clean the room and cook for me
I can't repay this
Only with people
Come on! You can't bite me!
Are you a dog?
Sleep with me tonight
You can't sleep well
Sleep or don't expect me to help you
The little brat gets older and less likeable
Mr. Jia, I checked that Lin Shi is indeed dead
His every move is like poetry
How could I not recognize my poetry?
That's okay.
Even if he is not my poem
I can also make it my poem
As long as he is by my side
Just like Shishi Mei by my side
boss
Mr. Jiangnan went crazy in the ward again today
Pulled to rescue
If he wants to die, let him die
Go get ready
I'm taking Chen Lin tomorrow
Go to visit the Liu family and pick it up at the meeting.
Yes
I'd like to see it
The one who can make the future carry poetry and derail
How much do you understand?
Hahaha yes yes
I'm about to become Lin's
Member of the group board of directors
I've won a prize.
I have a guest coming, I hang up
Why is Xiao Xiao here?
He also said to come to congratulate him
Now the city is locked down and worth tens of billions is the youngest president
It's you
Auntie, long time no see, I want to see you.
What did I say, don't let me see you again
What can we do then?
Now I'm the fiancee I met
From now on, we can see what we see every day